Make it possible to use `requests` library inside actions. (#155)
RasaHQ/rasa-sdk: changelog/153.bugfix.rst

> Make it possible to use ``requests`` library inside actions.

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
Make it possible to use the ``requests`` library inside the default Rasa SDK container.
```
